## Hi :)
I am a high school junior at Francis Parker School in San Diego, CA. My dad is an electrical engineer, so I've been exposed to electronics pretty much my entire life. My dad taught me to solder when I was 3, and I started playing with actual circuits around the age of 6.

## How I got into electronics
I started with the basic analog building blocks like transistors and op-amps, and soon moved to 4000-series logic chips. I spent a lot of time with the 555 timer as well. Then I became pretty interested in RF—I started building FM transmitters, and I got my HAM license a few years later. I also got my first power supply and oscilloscope right around then.

Notice how I haven't yet mentioned the Arduino or Raspberry Pi. I didn't touch either of those until 2017! And when I finally did, I felt confident because of my solid analog background knowledge. I didn't use the Arduino or the Pi to learn electronics, I instead used them as tools with which I could build more complex projects easily and quickly. And I think anyone who wants to become serious about electronics should do the same—start with the basic analog stuff and use the Pi and Arduino as tools; don't use them to learn the basics.

## Projects I'm Working On
With college apps coming up soon, I definitely have a long way to go. But I've come pretty far since 2010. Here is an overview of what I've been working on recently:

### SinESC
My main project, currently. I got into FPV drones a few years ago to satisfy my general affinity for things that fly, and I wanted to use my electronics and PCB design skills to improve the hobby rather than just buying pre-made parts (which got boring pretty fast). I started looking at ways to increase flight times, and learned that the electronic speed controllers (ESCs) everyone uses employ a simple but inefficient drive technique. I decided to bring Field-Oriented Control (FOC) to the hobby, and that's when I created SinESC. If you want the details about how SinESC differs from other ESCs, the repository is below. Otherwise, just know that the whole point of SinESC is to improve efficiency and smoothness, both of which are extremely important to any drone pilot.
### Universal Laser Driver
Much simpler than SinESC, but solves a problem I had nevertheless. One of the first people I ever watched on YouTube (back in 2011) was styropyro. His laser videos really inspired me to build lasers of my own—I was intrigued by the vibrant beams of light that sometimes contained enough energy to set stuff on fire. The electronics in laser pointers are usually quite simple. The careful assembly of extremely hard-to-find parts is what is difficult.I's a laser driver meant for low–mid-powered (Iout ≤ 200mA) laser pointers of **any** color. This means that the output voltage range is quite large—one of the major accomplishments with this project. The other achievement, similarly, is the large input voltage range. This driver can take input voltages between 2.4 and 15V and can spit out 2–15V
